 Hans is a carpenter and blacksmith in a village. He is far from handsome, he looks stupid, straightforward, and he is very muscluar. He is one of the strongest people in the world, but he is not interested in worldly affairs, so hides it and lives a peaceful and small life. He loves the hammer very much as a weapon, and even thinks that knives are only for girls. One day, The Demon Lord attacked the village he lived in. When he encounter it, the village was already too late. People were wailing and buildings were burning, but it was she who caught his eye, The Demon Loard. She had the appearance of a beautiful woman with long red hair, red eyes and a black dress. Hans fall in love with her at first sight. The village was burnt down, and the Demon army is left. This is the beginning of story "Hammerlike".

 Hans doesn't know where she is and The Demon Lord has five loyal minions. To reach her, he had to defeat all five of her minions. five loyal minion are The Slime King, The Golem, Master of  the Forest, The Frozen Dragon of snow mountain, The Hellkeeper of  Volcano and The Dark Knight. In order to beat them, Hans needed powerful weapons and armor.

First, He heads to the Sewer Dungeon where the Slime King is. It was full of slimes which can change its shape into anything it wants, poison rats, and undeads like skeletons, zombies there. Hans defeated them all and met the Huge Skeleton, servant of The Slime King. he use a Giant Mace. Hans killed him easily, and get a Giant Mace. Then, he heads to the room of The Slime King. The room was filled with poisonous gas and it was impossible to breathe inside. Hans went through it, fighting every monster he encountered until he reached The Slime King. Hans fights him using a mace. After a hard fight, He defeated The Slime King and he gets The Tear of Slime that is one of the most valuable jewels in the world. He thought of using it as one of the mateirals for his proposal ring. After getting Giant Mace and The Tear of Slime in the dungeon, Hans heads to his next destination, The Forest of Fear.

Second, He goes to the Forest of Fear where the The Golem, Master of  the Forest is. In this forest, everything is alive and dangerous: plants, animals, insects, birds, monsters. There are also strange creatures living there like the leprechauns, the goblins, the trolls, the gnomes, and others. Hans has to kill them all before he reaches The Golem.
They are very strong, but He defeated all of them. and Finally, he reaches The Golem. But The Golem is an impossibly huge creature. Even if Hans uses a giant mace, it will be impossible to hit him. Hans needs something more powerful than a giant axe to defeat him. So, he used a special weapon called "Hammerhead" which was made by Hans' own hands. It's a great tool, but it is not enough to defeat The Golem.
After a long battle, Hans finally defeats The Golem and get Heart Of The Golem. Hans heads to the snow mountain that The Frozen Dragon is lived .
Third, He heads to the snow mountain where the Frozen Dragon is. There was no way to reach the top of the snow mountain without climbing. And then, the climb would have been almost impossible because of the ice and disturbance of monsters. Hans had to face all those obstacles before reaching The Frozen Dragon.
He fought many enemies like wolves, bears, ghosts, hobgoblins, giants, ogres, orcs, trolls, harpies, and other dangerous creatures. At last, he reached The Frozen Dragon.
The Frozen Dragon is a gigantic dragon whose body is frozen solid. Its breath freezes everything around it
But Hans didn't give up and he fought The Frozen Dragon with a hammer. After a long battle, he finally defeated The Frozen Dragon and he got Ice Dragon Claw. With this, he could continue on his journey to reach The Demon Lord.

 Fourth, He heads to the volcano where The Hellkeeper is. This place is filled with lava, molten rock, fire, and smoke. The heat is unbearable and you can barely see anything in the sky. It's a dangerous place. Hans went through the lava, fighting every enemy he encounters until he reached The Hellkeeper. After a hard fight, He defeated The Hellkeeper and he gets Hellfire Hammer. This is one of the most powerful weapons in the world.

 Fifth, He heads to the Volcano where The Dark Knight is. As the name suggests, this place is filled with darkness and shadows. There are strange creatures like the ghostly knights, the shadow demons, the evil spirits, the hellhounds, the harpies, the shadow wraiths, and others. Hans has to fight them all before he reaches The Dark Knight. The Dark Knight is a vampire who is very strong and powerful. He is one of the most difficult opponents to fight. Hans has to kill him with a powerful weapon. After a long battle, he finally defeated The Dark Knight and he got Black Knight Armor. This armor gives him protection against all types of attacks. and also found out where the Demon Lord's castle.

 He has finished his journey and he has obtained all the items needed to complete his proposal ring. Now, he needs to find out how to make a ring out of the jewelry before arrival the castle to propose. But he couldn't do it with the craft ability he had. So, he decided to ask for the help from masters of "Tukene". "Tukene" is a steam-punk mood town of potters and craftsmen. also it is Hans's Hometown. When Hans arrived the town, The mood was unusual. Everyone had dark faces and tired faces. Hans asked them what happened and why everyone was looking so bad. The Potter said that A few years ago, the evil wizard orc came and killed all the soldiers and ruled the town. It is enslaving craftmen and forcing them to labor. Also, it destroyed their homes and took away their possessions. Because of these things, they lost hope and became depressed.
So, Hans thinks to help the town to restore its glory. He goes straight to the orc.

 When he arrives at the orc, he saw a huge fortress surrounded by iron walls. The gate of the fortress was locked. The guard of the fortress was a tall man wearing a suit of armor. The orc was sitting in front of the gate and reading a book. Hans Breaks the wall and entered the fortress. Oak and his party was no match for Hans and he brought peace to the town. The Mayor of Tukene thanked Hans on behalf of the village, and all the talented craftsmen joined forces to make him a ring. Thus, Hans finished all preparations for the proposal and headed to the castle where the The Demon Lord is.

 Finally, Hans arrives at the castle. The castle was full of stronger monsters than ever before. All kinds of dangerous beasts like the minotaurs, the gargoyles, the houndmaster, the griffons, the kraken, and others were roaming freely inside the castle. While defeating them, an ominous voice was heard, with black clouds blocking the front. It is The Demon Lord's Father! Hans felt a tremendous threat compared to before.

 The Demon Lord's father is a terrible monster. He has a huge body, red eyes, and long claws. He has a black cape and a black hood covering his head. His skin is pitch black. He has four arms and two legs. He is very strong and powerful. He can fly through the air, shoot beams of energy, turn invisible, and control the dead. He is one of the most dangerous enemies to fight. He rebukes Hans and asks how he dared to get here. Hans replied that he has come to propose to The Demon Lord. The Demon Lord's father He burst into laughter and said it will never happen until he die. Hans answered that he won't give up and fight anyway. The Demon Lord's father starts attacking Hans with magic and lightning. Hans tried to block them with his shield, but he couldn't hold back the power. 

After a Very Very Very Very hard fight, he finally defeated The Demon Lord's Father. He is surprised to see Hans' strength and says that with this level of strength, he can give his daughter. He told Hans where his daughter was and encouraged him.

Hans goes to the room of The Demon Lord. In the middle of the room, The Demon Lord was standing in front of Hans. She asked him why the hell he's here. He replied that he came here only to propose to her. She blushed, shouted and began to run away! Hans followed her. She shouted to all the demons in the castle to kill him. Once again, his battle began.

 Fianlly, Fianlly, Fianlly, They reached the top of the castle, and The Demon Lord pointed her finger at Hans and said She's gonna kill him. But Hans just kept walking forward. It was the last battle. The Demon Lord was unable to attack Hans directly, so she sent her minions to fight him. First, The Slime King, servant of The Demon Lord. He was a huge slime with a big mouth and tentacles. He attacked with his poison. Second, The Golem, Master of  the Forest. It was a huge golem made of wood and stone. Third, The Forest Guardian, servant of The Demon Lord. It was a giant tree covered with moss and leaves. Fourth, The Frost Giant, servant of The Demon Lord. It was a huge frost giant. Fifth, The Harpy, servant of The Demon Lord. It was a giant bird with wings of fire. Sixth, The Kobold, servant of The Demon Lord. It was a small humanoid creature with horns and fangs. Last, The Troll, servant of The Demon Lord. It was a huge troll with a heavy club.

All of them were very strong, but Hans defeated them easily. And then, he finally reached The Demon Lord. The Demon Lord was trembling with fear. She said that she will kill him, but Hans just smiled.

"I'm not afraid of death."

She screamed in anger and ran away. Hans chased her and caught her.

"You'll never escape from me!"

And then, The Demon Lord asked for mercy and begged for forgiveness. But Hans just laughed and said that he doesn't need any mercy or forgiveness. He asked her to marry him. And then, he proposed to her.

"Will you be my wife?"

The Demon Lord hesitated for a moment. She looked at Hans with sad eyes and said yes.

"There's nothing I can do," she said.

Then, Hans asked for a kiss. And then, The Demon Lord kissed him negatively.

"Now we're married," Hans said.

The Demon Lord smiled.

"No fucking way, Start with the girlfriend."

"Don't worry. You will always be loved by your husband." Hans said.

"What about the proposal ring?" she said.

Hans said that he has already made it.

"Well, let's take a look."

He opened the box and showed the ring to her.

"Oh wow. This is really beautiful."

The Demon Lord admired the ring and put it on her finger.

"It's perfect. I love it."

Hans was very happy to hear that.

-The End-